README.md, before:

# Godot Yarn Spinner

A plugin for Godot to use stories made with [Yarn Spinner](https://yarnspinner.dev/). The plugin parses Yarn code into GDScript files to let the Godot runtime handle the flow of execution in the story.

## Note
The plugin is not 100% compatible with Yarn as of now. The current features available are:

1. Dialogue Statements
2. Jump Statements
3. Options
4. Shortcut Options
5. Commands
6. Variable interpolation in dialogue

Missing features:

1. Conditionals
2. Format functions
3. Expressions
4. Localization tags
5. Editing the Yarn code within Godot's editor
6. Headers, Tags

Non-standard features:

1. Lines starting with `//` are considered as comments and ignored
2. Stories are assumed to start from a node titled `start`

## How to use

Your story file must have an extension of `.yarn`. Within Godot, once the plugin is activated, use the Yarn file in any location where a GDScript file is expected (autoload, singleton, node script, etc.)

The script generated by this plugin has three signals: `command, dialogue, options`, each for their respective events in the story. It also contains a function called `step_through_story` which can be used to follow a story-line step-by-step.

On each of the above events, the script emits the signal and yields. To continue the story, call `step_through_story` (optionally with a value representing an option choice from the user)

Each node in the Yarn file is parsed into a function with the name set as the node title. To set the current node, call `set_current_yarn_thread` with the node name

Commit message:

Match Yarn Editor semantics
Yarn Editor uses "Start" as the starting node

README.md, after:

# Godot Yarn Spinner

A plugin for Godot to use stories made with [Yarn Spinner](https://yarnspinner.dev/). The plugin parses Yarn code into GDScript files to let the Godot runtime handle the flow of execution in the story.

## Note
The plugin is not 100% compatible with Yarn as of now. The current features available are:

1. Dialogue Statements
2. Jump Statements
3. Options
4. Shortcut Options
5. Commands
6. Variable interpolation in dialogue

Missing features:

1. Conditionals
2. Format functions
3. Expressions
4. Localization tags
5. Editing the Yarn code within Godot's editor
6. Headers, Tags

Non-standard features:

1. Lines starting with `//` are considered as comments and ignored

## How to use

Your story file must have an extension of `.yarn`. Within Godot, once the plugin is activated, use the Yarn file in any location where a GDScript file is expected (autoload, singleton, node script, etc.)

The script generated by this plugin has three signals: `command, dialogue, options`, each for their respective events in the story. It also contains a function called `step_through_story` which can be used to follow a story-line step-by-step.

On each of the above events, the script emits the signal and yields. To continue the story, call `step_through_story` (optionally with a value representing an option choice from the user)

Each node in the Yarn file is parsed into a function with the name set as the node title. By default, the starting node is assumed to be called "Start" to match the Yarn Editor. To set the current node, call `set_current_yarn_thread` with the node name
